by the way I saw the movie and it's
great and it's uh it's you know when you
for kids and for people who grow up
living comic books to see Batman fight
Superman it's it really it kind of it's
unsettling it challenges everything
you've ever believed and I don't want to
reveal too much but I do want to say
that I am in the movie and and you're
great in it and Henry is great in it as
Superman and I am really really great in
it and I'm so excited yeah this is my
first real big role in the movie you're
good
thank you you're good wait you know in
the process of making movies one of the
things that as I you know I'm a director
so I have a sort of respite no I'd love
to be in your next thank you yeah yeah
we'll talk about but but one of the
things that you confront are very
difficult creative choices where you
have one thing that's so so good and
another thing that's so so so good but
they can't both be in the movie right
like you and Matt on the show tonight
like one of you had to leave now you
know and I was fortunate but yeah but I
am like makers made a similar choice
with your work in the film they had to
had to make a tough choice and it's just
the movie was a hair long and you know
it's just the stuff you did was so good
and they were like you know what maybe
what happens it's he's on screen for too
little a amount of time to be dis good
because the audience is gonna be looking
from where else is he where else is he
we want to see that so we can't have him
be that good and only being this little
a part of the movie so what they went
ahead to do is just took that right out
it's a joke right we took they took what
out I they took all I can I just awesome
there was two awesome in its it was so
short an awesome like what not mind just
I look at the Sun for a second not
myself
yeah your gifts that were like what do
you mean they took it out it's not in
the movie that most people will see if
you can if you like break into the lab
or something
you can see the version with your verse
some people have to bring into the lab
they sometimes keep on you know how like
sometimes they'll do a DVD version
dredging up all these bonus clips that
could be eventually you know that's cool
just for time if I need to make a phone
call is that Alright
go right ahead go right ahead no it was
just the combat feels so there's no way
of seeing it we I brought but I do this
because I knew your feelings would be I
knew I knew you wouldn't be hard for you
understand how good you were so I wanted
you to see in person how awesome you are
so I brought the clip oh you did yeah oh
this is good more people will see this
than that stupid movie
what's this is a bonus scene from Batman
vs Superman dawn of Justice starring
mate
mr. Wayne Clark Kent
David planted what's your position on
the bat vigilante in Gotham this Batman
thinks he's above the law
right you could say that we do things a
little differently
thank God do you I know you I don't I
don't think so excuse us people ever
told you look like Superman no I've
never heard that before
like I said mr. white people you've got
Superman what if I gotta get this on the
ground
Thanks my wife's big think I would call
it when you know there's a celebrity
that your wife would have sex with okay
say cheese put the pole back up for a
second you're Batman
I got Batman and Superman over here look
I think you have me confused with
somebody else
yeah look at oh now you realize you're
having a conversation hey everybody
they're having a conversation they don't
want any regular people to bother them
up just leave you guys alone then thank
you
anyway as I was saying I think the
people who drop list need to learn
they can't trust an alien with the power
to burn the entire civilization down
Batman and Superman fight news of that
so I don't know what's going on
hey listen yo what up periscope
boy Kim I'm here with Batman and C
shut your mouth or I'll throw you off
this planet Bruce Wayne meets Clark Kent
I love it together
Batman back so what Batman it's not
Batman that way he's in a nice suit
Batman was a flowing cape no and this is
not super Superman has perfect vision
where's this mansion in glasses I feel
like such an idiot of course it's a yeah
I can see why you'd feel that way took
me like two seconds to finger a
journalist there is carry on
I like your column yeah Batman but it's
true I am Batman
I'm Lego Batman
nobody cares about lego batman ask your
kids if they care we're still vital
anyway okay there's a warning
stop or I'll stop
we'll try yo yo yo could I get
everyone's attention please first of all
give it up for the DJs - chopping it up
all night you know what I'm saying
and I want to welcome our special guests
Batman and Superman in the house hit it
you know this song yeah
ah are we the only ones up here yeah oh
oh so what do you do besides grow poo
potatoes I mean not much right but now
that you're here I was thinking maybe
would let's do a talk show you could
host it I'll be you're helping your
guests every night
oh yeah no no that's I'm gonna pass on
that but thanks scuse me and
congratulations on not winning the Oscar
I'm just gonna go over there and die
alone it's good to see you though
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares